Docs: Updates to import pattern (#605)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/experimental/import-pattern/index.mdx

[Vikki Paterson](https://github.com/vikkipaterson)

![Example of an import modal](/images/0.png)

<Caption>Example of an import modal</Caption>

## Choose a file (modal)

Where a single file is imported, import can take place in a modal.

> Use the drag and drop file upload component and offer the option to browse locally to select a file. Note that file selection should be restricted to allowed file types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When importing users should have the option of uploading a local file using the file upload component, offering file drag and drop and the ability to browse locally to select a file.  Additionally provide the ability to add a file from an external resource.

```

> Any remaining actions in the import of the file happen in consequent steps of the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any additional actions (e.g. adding metadata) to be performed on the file(s) should be done in subsequent steps.
```

[Vikki Paterson](https://github.com/vikkipaterson)

![Example of an import modal](/images/0.png)

<Caption>Example of an import modal</Caption>

## Choose a file (modal)

Where a single file is imported, import can take place in a modal.

> When importing users should have the option of uploading a local file using the file upload component, offering file drag and drop and the ability to browse locally to select a file.  Additionally provide the ability to add a file from an external resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When importing, users should have the option of uploading a local file using the file upload component, offering file drag and drop and the ability to browse locally to select a file. Additionally, provide the ability to add a file from an external resource.
```

> If additional actions (e.g. adding metadata) are required to be performed on the file(s) consider whether a it would be more appropriate to use a side panel or full page instead of a modal. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If additional actions (e.g. adding metadata) are required to be performed on the file(s), consider whether it would be more appropriate to use a side panel or full page instead of a modal. 
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of loaded files in the import modal](/images/03.png)

<Caption>Example of a loaded file in the import modal</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

### Import from a URL (modal)

If your product supports importing from a URL, use this method.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of importing with a URL](images/04.png)

<Caption>Example of importing with a URL</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>
<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of a file imported by URL](images/05.png)

<Caption>Example of a file imported by URL</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Choose a file (full page or side-panel)

Use the drag and drop file upload component and offer the option to browse locally to select a file. Note that file selection should be restricted to allowed file types.

> Any remaining actions required to import the file should happen after the user clicks "next", unless there is sufficient space to include the action in a full page single step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If additional actions (e.g. adding metadata) are required to be performed on the file(s) they should be done separately to the file upload, prior to the import action being completed.  This could be in a subsequent step or if there is sufficient space include those actions in a single step.
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of an import dialog in a full page view](/images/06.png)

<Caption>Example of an import dialog in a full page view</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of drag and drop file import in a full page view](/images/07.png)

> <Caption>Example of drag and drop file import in a full page view</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Example of drag and drop file import in a Slide over panel</Caption>
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of loaded files in the import modal](/images/03.png)

<Caption>Example of a loaded file in the import modal</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

### Import from a URL (modal)

If your product supports importing from a URL, use this method.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of importing with a URL](images/04.png)

<Caption>Example of importing with a URL</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>
<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of a file imported by URL](images/05.png)

<Caption>Example of a file imported by URL</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Choose a file (full page or side-panel)

Use the drag and drop file upload component and offer the option to browse locally to select a file. Note that file selection should be restricted to allowed file types.

> If additional actions (e.g. adding metadata) are required to be performed on the file(s) they should be done separately to the file upload, prior to the import action being completed.  This could be in a subsequent step or if there is sufficient space include those actions in a single step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If additional actions (e.g. adding metadata) are required to be performed on the file(s) they should be done separately to the file upload, prior to the import action being completed. This could be in a subsequent step or if there is sufficient space include those actions in a single step.
```
